I need an app for Amazon fire kids tablets with a 
kid friendly interface that teaches kids the 
alphabet at the same time as it teaches them the 
most basic of typing by showing a keyboard on 
screen if one isn't connected, but also allows an 
external keyboard to be connected, and whenever a 
letter is pressed on any keyboard, the letter is 
spoken out loud by a kid friendly voice, called 
"Learn By Listening" mode, and a secondary mode 
called "Spelling Bee" mode, that shows up to 4 
letter words and speaks them allowed, then says 
"the word (1-4 letter word) is spelled (says word 
letter by letter)" and then prompts the child to 
try to type those letters themselves, as the voice 
speaks each letter allowed that is correct, or if a 
letter is typed that isn't part of the word, the 
voice says "I'm sorry, that's the letter (letter 
which was typed and isn't part of the current 
targeted word), and it is not a part of the word we 
are trying to spell right now. Try again. The next 
letter is (most recent letter of the target word 
being spelled). "Learn By Listening" mode should be 
indefinite and only function in that way. "Spelling 
Bee" mode should have levels that increase 
automatically by the difficulty of the word, with 1 
and two letter words being the first and easiest 
level, and 3 and 4 letter words being the next 
level only after a level of 75% accuracy is 
achieved during the first level consistently, with 
an option for the child presented before the level 
increases, such as "You've been doing great! If you 
feel ready, we can begin the next level with some 
more difficult words! Or you can stick with this 
for a little while longer until you feel more 
comfortable. What would you like to do?" and shows 
2 large and easy to see and understand buttons that 
are able to be selected for "STAY" and "Next", and 
the voice says "This is to stay here" while the 
button is highlighted and magnified, and then 
"Press this for the next level" as the other button 
is also highlighted and magnified, and waits for 
the child's input. Once the 2nd level of 3 and 4 
letter words has been mastered with 85% accuracy, 
it says out loud with words on the screen to follow 
along, "WOW I'm impressed! You're getting really 
good at this! If you think you can handle it, let's 
review what we've learned so far!" and repeats the 
previously outlined button selection process for 
moving to the next level or staying at the current 
one. If the selection is to move on to the next 
level, this level is words from 1-4 letters in 
random order, with the most simple 5 letter words 
occasionally thrown in at a rate of 1% of words as 
compared to 90% of the words being either 1,2,3, or 
4 letter words. This level is indefinite and the 
words are presented at random, as long as the first 
20 words when the level begins are not 5 letter 
words, and no 4 letter words should be offered as 
the target more than twice consecutively. I want 
the entire application and the user interface to be 
optimized for young children, and to be colorful, 
verbose, and easy to see and read, with simple 
animations where possible and pertinent so as to 
hold a chids attention and be as fun as possible 
while also being educational. The app should be 
usable for children that can't read whole words by 
themselves, and should be easy to use and 
understand for a child's very first attempt at 
learning simple letters and especially a keyboard, 
and always be encouraging and without criticism 
even when gently correcting mistakes. The functions 
shouldn't be any more than outlined and necessary 
for these goals. The app also needs to address the 
user as "Easton", both written on screen in prompts 
and in subtitles, and the narrator of the app who 
speaks out loud and offers choices, speaks the 
letters which are pressed, and any other dialogue 
should be in a cute cartoon voice which sounds 
natural and not at all robotic, should be presented 
as belonging to and coming from a cartoon capybara 
named "Caps" who is the host of the app and 
introduces itself at the first launch whenever the 
app is opened into a new session by saying "Hey 
there! My name is Caps the Capybara, and I'd I'm 
here to help you learn some letters, words, and 
typing. I like to have fun and learn and I hope you 
do too! Go ahead and choose which way you'd like to 
begin today!" and thats when the main menu at the 
app's homepage is shown, which shows two buttons in 
the same large, clear, colorful, with rich contrast 
between the text and the rest of the button so that 
it's easy to read and understand style as outlined 
already in app, and waits for the selection by the 
user. When the app is launched for the very first 
time, Caps tells the user, (Easton) that since he's 
never played this game before, he should start in 
"Learn By Listening" mode, and that during the 
game, it's very important he can hear me (Caps) at 
all times, so to make sure he's somewhere that is 
quiet without other distractions and that now is 
the time to put headphones in if theyre not 
detected as plugged in or connected wirelessly. 
After the selection of the desired mode of play for 
the very first time, the introduction by Caps and 
the recommendation of the first of the two levels 
are no longer spoken outl loud or on screen, and 
every other time the app is launched after the very 
first, Easton (the user) is greeted by showing the 
cartoon image of Caps with very simple and subtle 
animation, and speech bubbles from the cartoons 
mouth which has subtitles that generate as the 
narration is being spoken and stays shown on the 
screen for as long as possible due to screen size 
constraints.
